[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: Let's do this
little experiment together now, and
you can compare what I
get with what you got.
So here we've got Tuna, and we want him to
wag his tail anytime we hover on his tail.
So whenever we hover on his
tail he starts wagging it,
cuz cats beat their tails against
things when they're angry with you.
I know this.
I have the scars to prove it.
So this, initially,
we've got this tail element.
And that's the thing that we're
gonna be animating, just the tail.
And we are gonna scope,
scope our animations to it.
We've already got a tail
wag animation running.
And we want to give it
infinite iteration count.
We want it to run constantly.
It just snaps back,
that looks terrible, right?
We don't want it to just be like thumping
down and up, it looks unnatural.
If we set it to alternate though,
that background position
is going to move from 0% to 100% over and
over again.
Down here, it's gonna go back and
forth, back and forth.
Giving him that wonderful
kind of pendulous tail swing.
However we don't want him to be running
his little tail swing by default.
We only want him to do that
when he's been hovered.
So let's give them an animation-play-state
of paused, get it, paused.
Somebody got it.
[LAUGH] I made a joke.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna
go tail, pseudo class hover and
we're gonna grab that
animation-play-state.
I'm a copy and paste coder what can I say.
You'll see all my typos if
I try to write it out and
then we'll be here forever looking for
them.
And so we set it to running when it's
being hovered, watch what happens.
So anytime I pet him,
he's like stop it, I'm watching birds.
Stop it, stop it.
All right, so that's a cute thing.
You might use this, for instance,
if you have a very fancy button effect or
something like that.
Which I'm not saying you should make
really fancy button effects, but
if you did, you might have it only
run when people hover over it.
>> Rachel Nabors: I don't know, I think
you could do some cool things with it,
if you do feel free to send them my way.
I'm Rachel Neighbors on the Twitters.
I'd love to see what people come up with.